# Reference

<!-- DO NOT EDIT: This document was generated by Puppet Strings -->

## Table of Contents

### Classes

* [`mkhomedir`](#mkhomedir): Install and enable pam_oddjob_mkhomedir
* [`mkhomedir::debian`](#mkhomedirdebian): Install and configures mkhomedir or vice versa
* [`mkhomedir::params`](#mkhomedirparams): Default settings for mkhomedir
* [`mkhomedir::redhat`](#mkhomedirredhat): Install and configures mkhomedir or vice versa

## Classes

### `mkhomedir`

A description of what this class does

$pam_service_name::
The name of the pam.d/FILE to modify
Debian only.

$pam_module_args::
Arguments to pass to the module, eg. umask=0007 or umask=0077
Debian only

$enable::
Wheter to enable or disable the oddjob-mkhomedir module in pam.

#### Examples

##### 

```puppet
include mkhomedir
```

#### Parameters

The following parameters are available in the `mkhomedir` class.

##### `enable`

Data type: `Boolean`



Default value: `$mkhomedir::params::enable`

##### `package_name`

Data type: `String`



Default value: `$mkhomedir::params::package_name`

##### `package_ensure`

Data type: `Boolean`



Default value: `$mkhomedir::params::package_ensure`

##### `pam_module_args`

Data type: `Array[String]`



Default value: `$mkhomedir::params::pam_module_args`

##### `pam_module_name`

Data type: `String`



Default value: `$mkhomedir::params::pam_module_name`

##### `pam_service_name`

Data type: `String`



Default value: `$mkhomedir::params::pam_service_name`

### `mkhomedir::debian`

The class can install or uninstall, enable or disable pam_mkhomedir
on RedHat family systems. If the oddjob package isnæt installed,
If the oddjob-mkhomedir isn't installed pam_mkhomedir can still
be enabled, default to standard pam_mkhomedir.

This class is dependent on herculesteam/augeasproviders_pam

#### Examples

##### 

```puppet
include mkhomedir
```

### `mkhomedir::params`

This class set defaults

#### Examples

##### 

```puppet
include mkhomedir::params
```

### `mkhomedir::redhat`

The class can install or uninstall, enable or disable pam_mkhomedir
on RedHat family systems. If the oddjob package isnæt installed,
If the oddjob-mkhomedir isn't installed pam_mkhomedir can still
be enabled, default to standard pam_mkhomedir.

This class is dependent on yguenane/authconfig.

#### Examples

##### 

```puppet
include mkhomedir
```

